So let's not waste any time and just create a new migration for modifying the comments table.
We'll call it art.
Polly Moore.
Two comments table so this should generate a new migration with the this scaffolding which lets us immediately
operate on the comments table now what we will have to do inside it is drop the key.
So we do drop foreign block post I.D..
Then we have to drop the column itself as we won't need that anymore
so not this I'm doing it pretty fast.
If that's too fast for you then you can always relate to the code inside the Get Up.
Now the interesting part is we add morphs so this would add the comment of all two columns that commendable
ideas and commendable type.
If you don't remember from last section Marx does that for us.
You can always out click this so you will see what actually gets created.
And of course it creates a composite index from those two fields.
Now the other side of this relation is to drop those two fields so it's enough to just use drop morphs
and specify the argument as commendable and now we'll have to recreate the column.
So we do.
Signed integer block post I.D. skull so be an index and then we recreate the in key so in case you would
like to reverse this migration.
This is how you do it.
So for brain block post I.D. does dusted for a key.
It references the I.T. field on block posts table OK.
Save the changes and let's run this migration BHP artisan migrate.
So this wasn't very different from the last time we created our one to one polymorphic relationship.
Basically almost exactly the same.
Okay so we have modified the tables.
Now let's go ahead and modify the relationships and at the missing one on the User model.
So now let's start with the comment models so open the comment model and what we see here is the blog
post relationship which we won't need anymore so we'll just replace start with that commendable relationship.
So here we have to return this morph to so the same as we did in the 1 to 1 polymorphic relationship.
But this is not everything we have to do here since we also reset the blog post cash when the new comment
is uttered.
Now let's see what we have here.
So we have a comment model which we read a blog post idea from which is no longer true.
It is commendable idea now so this will hold the blog post relationship.
Now this is also not everything because the comment can now be added also to the user.
So you can't just clear the blog post cash whenever our comment is added because it might be added to
our user too.
So what we can do to verify to what this comment is being associated is we can check if the comment
commendable type is equal to blog post class at first list let's check if the blog post model is important.
It's not so we actually had to use up blog post now only if this is true then we want to forget the
cash for one particular blog post.
So this is our comment model.
Now let's modify the blog post so let's locate the blog post model.
So there is this our relation comments we use has many to the up comment and we also fetch the comments
always by the most most recent ones.
So this is the local query scope.
So what we should do instead is morph many.
So this is a difference between one to one and one too many polymorphic because there we used more of
one here we use more of many but we also have to specify the name of the field on the other side which
is commendable and we can also fetch the fetch those comments by the most latest comments.
Finally let's go to the user so you can see that the user already has a relationship to comments.
So this is because user can post comments so we can read all the comments of our user.
So we should call this relationship differently.
Let's copy this relation from blog post because this will be the same on the User model.
But instead of calling it comments let's call it comments on.
So this will instead fetch all the comments on that particular user when we will add this possibility
for everyone to comment on the user out or however you call it because we create blog posts so user
can be considered awesome out or OK.
That's basically it.
We've created are one too many polymorphic relationship.
Well in the next lectures we'll see how to actually implement this how to use that and you will see
how simple that is in LA Bravo.